Namo
Buddha
Shakyamuni
Namo Buddha
[music] Namo Buddha Shakyamuni Dear fellow practitioners,
relying on the blessings of our Master and the
Sangha, we are able to recite the
Parita Sutra praising the merits of the Three Jewels
in the
manner taught by the Buddha in the
Vesali Sutra. During natural disasters and epidemics, our Master
and the Sangha organize for us to walk
around the temple grounds to recite the Parita
Sutra praising the merits of the Three Jewels. We, the
Buddhist practitioners of the Golden Cup Club
practicing the Six Harmonies at V Temple, are
fortunate to have the blessings of our Master and the Sangha reciting the
sutra. Every day, the Sangha
recites in the morning and in the
afternoon, each time walking seven times around the
temple to recite the
Parita Sutra. Dear fellow practitioners, in the
Vesali
Sutra, the Buddha instructed Ananda to
find 500 monks with
good memories to recite the
Parita Sutra. The content of
the sutra
is to praise the merits of the Three Jewels.  Dear fellow practitioners,
thanks to the praise of the merits of the Three Jewels,
the benevolent deities and guardian spirits
gathered in the land of
Vesali, in the city of Vesali. Therefore, thanks to the
gathering of benevolent deities, benevolent
spirits, and benevolent Yakshas and Rakshasas, the land
was freed from evil karma. As
the Master just explained, it was because the
people of that land practiced evil deeds, so the benevolent
Yakshas,
benevolent spirits, and benevolent deities left. Following the karmic
retribution of those who practiced
evil, the
evil Yakshas and benevolent deities returned to
that land and city. And it was the evil deities,
benevolent spirits, and Yakshas who caused
those epidemics, dear fellow practitioners. They created
droughts
and epidemics. Following the Buddha's teachings, Ananda
and 500 monks chanted a sutra praising the merits of the
Three Jewels
around the city for one night.
The power
of the 500 monks' praise of the Three Jewels caused the
hearts of the
benevolent deities, benevolent spirits, and benevolent deities to be moved and gathered in the city of Vesali.  The
benevolent spirits and
deities gathered in Vesali, so
Vesali received blessings from
the benevolent celestial beings,
benevolent spirits, and benevolent Yakshas. Therefore, the epidemic will
soon end.
This protection is not invisible, dear fellow
practitioners. They protect
the weather, making it
harmonious and preventing the epidemic from
recurring,
thus ending the disease.
They also change the character of
the people in Vesali, so
people learn to help,
love, and support each other,
becoming more kind-hearted.
Therefore, the karma of people
changes, dear fellow practitioners.
Our club vows to chant scriptures and
praise the merits of the Three Jewels for 21 days
and vows to make offerings to the
Three Jewels by preparing food to offer to the
monks for 21
days. Because the people of Vesali
[music]
also gathered their forces
to build a pointed house and a
monastery to offer to the Buddha.  The monks, with
such a mindset, will
receive blessings, dear fellow practitioners. And the
Buddhists in our Golden Chrysanthemum Club,
besides chanting sutras praising the
merits of the Three Jewels
with
enlightenment from that sutra—with
a mind praising the merits of the Three Jewels—
will invite
benevolent deities, gods, and spirits to gather
here, as well as to
Vietnam. Dear fellow practitioners,
some may understand it this way:
Why don't we chant to prevent
this world from being plagued by
disease? Dear fellow practitioners, in the
Vesali Sutra, the Buddha was in another country.
Why didn't the Buddha allow the monks to chant in
that country to
dedicate the merits to
this city? Here, we must consider the element of
cause and effect, dear fellow practitioners.
Wherever people chant sutras, their minds are
there, and it is that mind that
attracts benevolent deities, gods, and
spirits to come. Dear fellow practitioners,
thanks to the benevolent deities, gods, and
spirits coming there, we receive blessings.
The plague is being pushed back in that very place.
Dear fellow practitioners, in the Ksitigarbha
Sutra, as well
as in other sutras, including the Medicine Buddha Sutra and the
Theravada Sutras, the original sutras, all
speak of the various spirits and deities with
different roles. There are spirits that cause disease and
spirits that transmit it.
Sometimes we think that
controlling epidemics is solely the responsibility of humans, but as
the elders have said, "Man proposes, God disposes."
Therefore, from
ancient times to the present, human life has been closely
intertwined with the lives of the gods and spirits.
A single person, no matter how cunning, will
not succeed if their calculations are not supported by the benevolent gods and spirits.
Similarly, even the most evil person will not succeed if they are not influenced by
evil spirits and demons.
Therefore, the task of
Buddhist practitioners in our Golden Chrysanthemum Club practicing the Six Harmonies
is to practice according to the
Buddha's teachings.  In the Vesali Sutra, during natural
disasters and epidemics, we
praise the
merits of the Three Jewels and we wholeheartedly dedicate ourselves to upholding the
Three Jewels, offering food to the monks,
and contributing to
good deeds within the Three Jewels, as well
as supporting each other during
epidemics, just as
our club did for the community before. We
pray that this meritorious deed will soon be eradicated. Dear fellow practitioners, I respectfully
request that
when reciting the
Parita Sutra, you observe the following requirements:
Firstly, we must focus on the
content of the sutra.
Secondly, we must recite it aloud.
In the
Vesali Sutra, during natural disasters and epidemics,
the chanting of the monks resounds throughout the night. You
see, dear practitioners,
we are not just listening to
others recite.
We walk
uphill and downhill for
hours, very tired, but why can we
still recite it aloud? It is because we believe in the sutra, we
have
love for everyone, we believe in the
sutra.
We will follow the teachings of the scriptures,
not the Buddha's teachings. We
respect the Buddha, we
follow his teachings, and we attain enlightenment.
Therefore, we joyfully practice,
dear fellow practitioners. We chant
loudly when we are very tired,
our steps make our breaths
falter, but we
try our best because we wish for the
plague to be eradicated soon, and for
ourselves and all sentient beings to suffer less. In the
scriptures from the Buddha, we
wish for the happiness of two-legged creatures, four-legged creatures,
multi-legged creatures, and legless creatures. We
wish for the happiness of all beings, both those born and those not yet
born.
That wish is not just empty
words, dear fellow practitioners. That wish is
a genuine practice,
a
self-sacrifice to fulfill
that wish. So, we
walk for three or four hours continuously, uphill and
downhill, sweating profusely, our breaths
ragged, yet we still try to chant, even
though we are out of breath and our breaths are interrupted.
That is
compassion, dear fellow practitioners. That is
our practice of compassion.  The Heart-Viewing Mantra of the
Complete Enlightenment hopes that all of you, dear fellow practitioners,
will examine your own hearts and
see if the hardships
you endure are for the sake of sentient beings,
or if they are because you have cultivated the Bodhi Mind. Isn't that right, dear fellow practitioners? Practicing
Buddhism is about true practice, not just
sitting and reading, which sounds great, and cultivating the
Bodhi Mind with great courage, but when faced with difficult tasks, your mind wanders elsewhere, becoming lazy and indolent. The mind begins to be deceitful, isn't it, dear fellow
practitioners? Laziness breeds deceit, and the Bodhi Mind is lost. Therefore,
whoever practices the Buddha's teachings
will sever the attachment to the body. The
Heart-Viewing Mantra of the Complete Enlightenment speaks of this low-level practice. The
attachment to the body is
the opinions arising from the desires
of the body. The attachment to the body is
also a
mistaken view about this body.
Therefore, let's
not listen to this body's
influence; let it
lead us to desire. The
body and mind are merely one
entity of karma.  When
manifesting, this body begins to influence
the mind a great deal and takes control of the
mind. For example, if the stomach is full, will
we secretly grab and eat the food on the table?
But what if the stomach is
hungry? Then
the mind becomes confused and gives
rise to ideas, ideas, and what kind of loopholes are there?
These ideas arise
from the body. Do you see, dear fellow practitioners, that if
this body is sluggish and we indulge
it too much, if we don't use
reason to apply right views to
control this body, we will
fail because of the
body's greed and desire. The control of greed and
desire by this body
will defile our minds. We
say the body and mind are one, but we also
say they are two because they
are two. To put it this way, for
example, a light switch and an
electrical wire are one. They are a single source of
electricity, running continuously. But to say they
are two, they are two because they are separate.
What is a switch? The electrical wire and the
light bulb... and everything else? If not, it's just one
thing. Right, dear fellow practitioners? So, when
this switch is turned on, what kind of electricity is
there? The light is on, and when it's off, what kind of electricity is there? The switch is like this body, dear fellow practitioners. If this body has been thoroughly disciplined, it will not attract or create conditions for the mind to remain unaffected. But if
this body is not yet tamed by the mind,
how will the body lead our mind to
continue to generate desires? Right, dear fellow
practitioners? I'm speaking broadly like this so that you,
dear fellow practitioners, if
you can participate in both the morning and
afternoon sessions, when you can arrange your
duties, that's great. But if
you can't arrange your duties, then we will
do our assigned tasks and
participate in
one of the two sessions, either morning or
afternoon. But when participating,
we must maintain mindfulness in the Bodhi mind, which is
praising the truth about the merits of the Three
Jewels and wishing for them.  The benefit we all
wish for is that the epidemic will be
eradicated, that we and all sentient beings
will be at peace, and that the Dharma will be proclaimed. Dear
fellow practitioners, do you clearly understand mindfulness when
we chant the sutras? Yes, Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni. With a
mind that illuminates the complete view, I am very pleased with
all the fellow practitioners, all the practitioners in the
National Golden Club practicing the Six Harmonies, and all
those who, with a heart wishing
for the epidemic to be eradicated, have chanted the
Parita sutra. I am also very pleased
and praise the merits of
everyone. With a determination to benefit sentient
beings and to
eradicate the epidemic by diligently practicing,
chanting sutras, and performing meritorious
deeds within the Three Jewels,
and
seriously implementing the directives of the Prime Minister
and the guidelines of the Ministry of
Health, so that we may soon overcome
this epidemic. May we all be
peaceful and happy. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni. Now, I respectfully ask all fellow
practitioners to dedicate
this merit to all beings. May this merit be
directed towards
all.
Both
disciples and
sentient beings
choose to become
Buddhas
[music]
K path
[Applause]
[music]